here's three ways to not Skip Leg Day
with zero equipment instead of doing a
pistol squat which is a lot more
advanced than people make it seem start
with a split squat I like to make it a
little bit more flexibility related with
a stretch but the main focus is actually
the quads and number two jump squats
legs are meant to perform not just to
look good so make sure to train your
abilities and not just your
muscles and lastly the hamstring walkout
you can either do it for reps like so or
you can just choose the part that you
can hold and hold it for time just like
that if you want to prioritize your foot
Health we use paluba click the link in
our bio to check it out stay flexy